Add comment to the doc to provide sampling outside of ert (#11021)
equinor/ert: docs/ert/reference/configuration/keywords.rst

Where the :code:`UPDATE` keyword argument specifies whether a parameter group should be included during the
history matching process. It must be set to either TRUE or FALSE. The parameters are still sampled in the prior.

> To provide sampling outside of ERT, please see :ref:`DESIGN_MATRIX <design_matrix>`. Please note that
> the deprecated ``INIT_FILES:`` named attribute that was used previously to provide external sampling
> is now removed from GEN_KW.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. note::
The ``INIT_FILES:`` named attribute that was used to provide externally sampled values has been removed from GEN_KW. To provide values sampled outside of ERT, please see :ref:`DESIGN_MATRIX <design_matrix>`. Note that only parameters sampled internally in ERT will be updated during assisted history matching, and parameters provided through ``DESIGN_MATRIX`` will be constant.
```
